We stand in our before that which can We stand in our before that which cannot be seen and We stand in our before that which cannot be seen And we respect with every fighter that which cannot be explained We stand in our before that which cannot be seen And we respect with every fighter that which cannot be explained. Trending I sense strong spirit energy close by I send strong spirit energy close by I send strong spirit energy close by. You got a death wish You got a death. Wish pal nobody You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps one of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it. Hmm You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.Hmm You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.'Hmm, that's all you got You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.'Hmm, that's all you gotta say You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you got to say Lil Yama's down You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him Are you You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him. Are you crazy You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him. Are you crazy? No way I'm You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him. Are you crazy No way I'm taking on that psycho You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him.Are you crazy No way I'm taking on that psycho You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him.Are you crazy?No way I'm taking on that psycho Now listen up You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him.Are you crazy?No way I'm taking on that psycho Now. Listen up you Ponce You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him.Are you crazy?No way I'm taking on that psycho Now. Listen up you punts come you see that You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him.Are you crazy?No way I'm taking on that psycho Now.Listen up you punts come you see that first question You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him.Are you crazy?No way I'm taking on that psycho Now.Listen up you punts.Come you see that first question. What do you think that is You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him.Are you crazy?No way I'm taking on that psycho Now.Listen up you punts.Come you see that first question, what do you think that is you the one in the middle answer what you talking to me You got a death. Wish pal. Nobody jumps. One of my boys for no reason and lives to tell about it.!Hmm, that's all you gotta say Lil Yama's down. We gotta help him.Are you crazy?No way I'm taking on that psycho Now.Listen up you punts.Come you see that first question, what do you think that is you the one in the middle answer what you talking to me? I guess somebody left those flowers for some kid who got killed here correct 